# Tell me about yourself
Hi my name is Thomas. I recently graduate with a master degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering from McMaster University. I have two year intern experiences in software development focusing on Full-stack and Back-end work across insurance, e-commerce and the public sector industries. My tech stack includes TypeScript, JavaScript, React for front-end; Java, Kotlin Spring framework and Ktor as backend. I also have experience in relational databases like MySQL, SQL server, and PostgreSQL. Besides, for cloud technologies and operations, I've worked on Docker, Azure DevOps and AWS.  Actually, I recently got the AWS Certified Developer Certification and AWS Cloud Practitioner Certification and implemented them into my distributed system project.

These experiences have equipped me with rich knowledge in designing and developing large-scale back-end systems. For example, during my most recent internship,  I successfully refactored our company's payment feature, implementing a more extensible and maintainable system for handling diverse provincial tax rate calculations. This improvement reduced the implementation time for new features by 50%, significantly **accelerating our business expansion capabilities**.
<!-- Additionally, I identified  performance issue where our platform couldn't adjust thread counts dynamically after deployment. To solve this, I developed a dynamic thread pool component, which can be reused across multiple teams. This solution greatly improved our system's ability to handle varying workloads efficiently. -->
I'm eager to apply my skills and passion for problem-solving to contribute to innovative projects and continue growing as a software engineer.

# Bell
* What you'll do?
  *  As a grad, you will play an important role bringing new ideas to solving complex challenges.
  *  You’ll enjoy a collaborative and supportive environment with access to the latest technology.
  *  Daily, you will contribute to B2B solutions, develop business opportunities and work on new product roadmaps.
*  Requirements
   *  capability and passion to continuously learn ( Java, JavaScript, Python, C#.NET, GOLANG)
   *   You are interested in web development (IE, ReactJS, Angular, VueJS) 
   *   You are familiar with different working methodologies i.e. DevOps, CI/CD, TDD/BDD
   *   You have a desire to learn how to develop and work with cloud technologies (AWS, Azure, GCP, Kubernetes, Docker, Openshift (OCP) etc.) 
   *   You have an interest in data management (SQL and Non-SQL databases: PostgreSQL, MariaDB, MongoDB, Redis, Cassandra, Oracle, SQL Server) and caching tools (Redis, Red Hat DataGrid, SOSS) 
   *   You are open to explore different avenues of software development such as (but not limited to) front-end, back-end or full stack development 
  
*   Leadership Skills
    *   You are a skilled communicator balancing urgency, empathy and integrity. You speak and write clearly and concisely, and you listen with the purpose of encouraging transparent dialogue. 
    *   You gain the trust of your teams, being known for demonstrating fairness and respect.
    *   You promote belonging and are flexible, accountable and collaborative
    *   You are analytical and are an exceptional problem-solver with a curiosity to understand "how things work”.
    *   You can identify insights and opportunities from data and metrics and are able to create strategies to support sound recommendations.
    *   You can simplify complex issues, make good and timely decisions, and be an accountable member of a team. 
    *   You are willing to challenge the status quo, experimenting to find solutions that will make a difference in the lives of Bell’s customers.
    *   You are goal-oriented and can focus on individual tasks while also understanding the bigger picture and how systems work together.
    *   You are committed to growing your skills and learning from others.
    *   Your leadership qualities have been demonstrated through extracurricular activities and projects.
  
Hi, my name is Deming Zhu, you can call me Thomas. I recently graduated with a Master’s degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering from McMaster University. I have nearly 2 years of internship experience in software development, particularly in web development, working as both a full-stack and back-end developer. I am proficient in Java, JavaScript, and C#, and skilled in frameworks like Spring Boot and React.

During my internships, I gained hands-on experience with Azure DevOps CI/CD pipelines, relational databases like MySQL and PostgreSQL, non-relational databases such as MongoDB, and caching tools like Redis. 
In my spare time, I’m always passionate about learning new technologies. In past three months, I learned cloud technologies and operation, and successfully earned AWS Cloud Practitioner and AWS Certified Developer certifications, which strengthened my understanding of cloud architecture.

Besides, I **pride myself on** being a fast learner with a strong **sense of ownership**, always looking to **improve team efficiency**. For example, in my most recent role at Old Republic Canada, I identified inefficiencies in the QA team caused by **manual processes**. After collaborating with team members to better understand the problem, I **took the initiative to** learn Selenium and, within two weeks, developed an automated testing application using Selenium and C#. This improved team efficiency by 50%, **earning high praise** from QA team.

**Looking ahead**, I’m excited about the Bell 2025 Graduate Program as a platform to grow and **apply my skills**. I’m confident my **adaptability** and **drive to improve efficiency** will help me make a meaningful impact at Bell.


